README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

init patchd, add nav ui

README.md, after:

# patchd

**patchd** is an app designed for developers to showcase their portfolios, projects, revenue, and links to other profiles—all in one place.

## Features

- **Portfolio Showcase:** Display your best work and skills.
- **Project Listings:** Highlight your projects with descriptions, screenshots, and links.
- **Revenue Tracking:** Optionally share project earnings and growth.
- **Profile Links:** Connect your GitHub, LinkedIn, Twitter, and more.
- **Customizable:** Personalize your profile to reflect your brand.

## Getting Started

1. **Sign Up:** Create your patchd account.
2. **Build Your Profile:** Add your bio, skills, and links.
3. **Add Projects:** Showcase your work with details and media.
4. **Share:** Use your unique patchd link to share your portfolio.

## Why patchd?

- Centralizes your developer presence.
- Makes it easy to share your work and achievements.
- Helps you connect with potential employers, collaborators, and clients.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

---

Made with ❤️ for developers.
